Replace redirected /visualstudio links with new target (#15551)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/programming-guide/inside-a-program/hello-world-your-first-program.md

---
# Hello World -- Your first program

> In this article, you'll use Visual Studio to create the traditional "Hello World!" program. Visual Studio is a professional Integrated Development Environment (IDE) with many features designed for .NET development. You'll use only a few of the features in Visual Studio to create this program. To learn more about Visual Studio, see [Getting Started with Visual C# and Visual Basic](/visualstudio/ide/quickstart-visual-basic-console).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this article, you'll use Visual Studio to create the traditional "Hello World!" program. Visual Studio is a professional Integrated Development Environment (IDE) with many features designed for .NET development. You'll use only a few of the features in Visual Studio to create this program. To learn more about Visual Studio, see [Getting Started with Visual C#](/visualstudio/ide/quickstart-csharp-console).
```

- [C# Programming Guide](../index.md)
- [Samples and tutorials](../../../samples-and-tutorials/index.md)
- [Main() and Command-Line Arguments](../main-and-command-args/index.md)

> - [Getting Started with Visual C# and Visual Basic](/visualstudio/ide/quickstart-visual-basic-console)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Getting Started with Visual C#](/visualstudio/ide/quickstart-csharp-console)
```
